4.5: Added MAVLink instructions to common-efi.rst (#5288)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: common/source/docs/common-efi.rst

- set :ref:`RPM1_TYPE<RPM1_TYPE>` = 3 (EFI)
- then setup the :ref:`common-rpm-based-notch`

EFI connected via MAVLink

> ==============================

Reviewer: title underline incorrect

> Some EFIs do not use the autopilot as their computer, those EFIs have their own onboard computer. It might be possible to connect those EFIs to the autopilot by a MAVLink connection (e.g. then it is possible to read the EFI's status, temperature, etc. by a LUA script). The following parameter should be set to connect an EFI via MAVLink:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some EFIs connect to the autopilot via MAVLink, instead of by a Serial port or DroneCAN.  The following parameter should be set to connect such an EFI via MAVLink:
```
